# Update: v1.6.12-2

It was pointed out that I was a tad lazy in implementing my @Char to @User mentiom converter.

I just patched the build and thought I would explain how it works in more detail. :sunglasses:

## What it the "Mention Converter"?

When chatting with folks in Discord, you use a "mention" to "ping" them, like: `@Randal`. Well, in our games, especially in our dialog channels, we might forget who a character belongs to. This feature of Sage will let you `@BobTheFighter` in your dialog and automagically change it to `Bob The Fighter (@Randal)` so that you can easily ping a player (or GM) by using only the character's name!

## How it Works

Sage characters have a name. It can be as simply as "Ragnar" or long and complicated like "Fancy Goblin #3 (The Smart One)". Sage characters can also have aliases, a shorter name intended for quickly and easily referencing characters in the various Sage commands, such as updating a character or getting their stats in dice rolls.

Let's assume the two following characters, both with me as their player:
```
sage!pc create name="Ragnar"
sage!pc create name="Fancy Goblin #3 (The Smart One)" alias="gob3"
```

I could post the following dialog:
```
gm::The door opens and @Ragnar is surprised by @gob3!
```
and Sage will now compare the @Ragnar and @gob3 against known characters in the Game, converting my input to the following output:
```
The door opens and Ragnar (@Randal) is surprised by Fancy Goblin #3 (The Smart One) (@Randal)!
```

## Do I have to use Character Aliases?

No, Sage has a pretty good character name/alias lookup process ... but there are a few caveats.

When searching dialog for Character Mentions, Sage will look for the following two patterns:
1. `@` followed by only letters or numbers
 - `@ragnar` or `@gob3`
2. `@` followed directly by quoted text
 - `@"Ragnar"` or `@"Fancy Goblin #3 (The Smart One)"`

You do not need to worry about upper or lower case letters: `@Ragnar` and `@RaGnAr` both match `@ragnar`.

You only need to use quotes if you have puncation or spaces:
- `@"Fancy Goblin #3 (The Smart One)"` works
- `@Fancy Goblin #3 (The Smart One)` does NOT work

If you are using quotes and wanna be lazy, you can exclude punctuation: `@"Fancy Goblin 3 The Smart One"` works

Additionally, you can remove all punctuation and spaces and not even use the quotes: `@FancyGoblin3TheSmartOne` works

Well, that should cover it ... for now. ;)

## Requests / Bugs / Roadmaps
We are starting to better track and organize bugs and requests!
https://discord.com/channels/480488957889609733/1207377294918950963
https://discord.com/channels/480488957889609733/1207387859548512340

## Have something to report?
Please drop by our Discord: [Public Link to our Discord](<https://discord.com/invite/pfAcUMN>)

Thank You, and Happy Gaming!
:spacer:- Randal, aka RPG Sage :Sage: