2024-07-16 17:18
# Update: v1.6.13

Hello @everyone!

We know multiple servers have been having issues with the game slash commands.
We apologize for it, but it took us some time to realize what was going on to even be able to duplicate it in the lab.
We think we have it sorted out, now, but as always, please let us know if you keep seeing it.

### Bugs

**Game Create / Update Slash Commands Hanging**
Some servers have more channels/users than others.
Sage is getting used more and more.
This caused some of these commands to occasionally take longer than Discord allowed us to not respond to commands.
We have altered our approach to these commands to respond faster to Discord while still properly doing what we need to do.
This fix isn't a final solution, it is an improvement on our broken code and we will revisit this again after a few other updates allow us to do this much better.

**Sage Responding to "?????"**
We updated our logic to ensure Sage only responds to searches with `?` (1 question mark) followed by letters or numbers.
We also made sure the find function (searching by name only) only responds with `?!` (1 question mark then one exclamation mark) followed by letters or numbers.

**Sage Admin issues**
We redid the admin commands to provide more feedback.
We forgot to tell you if a user was already an admin, we just failed out.
We also made it so that only the SageAdmin tier could use the admin command ... making it so ServerAdmins couldn't assign GameAdmins.
We fixed those and a couple other minor things while in there.
*We have plans for the future to streamline configuring Sage as well as being able to assign admins/gamemasters by role.*

### Requests

*none at this time*

## Requests / Bugs / Roadmaps
We are starting to better track and organize bugs and requests!
https://discord.com/channels/480488957889609733/1207377294918950963
https://discord.com/channels/480488957889609733/1207387859548512340

## Have something to report?
Please drop by our Discord: [Public Link to our Discord](<https://discord.com/invite/pfAcUMN>)

Thank You, and Happy Gaming!
:spacer:- Randal, aka RPG Sage :Sage: